Question 1)
True or False:SSO requires a user to authenticate periodically when using different applications.

True
False
Question 2)
Which environments would you most likely use Azure AD pass-through authentication?

Cloud-based Active Directory
Hybrid Active Directory
On-premises Active Directory
Question 3)
Complete the following sentence. Azure AD _______ Synchronization ensures that passwords are stored in both an on-premises AD and Azure AD, and stay secret and synchronized.

Hash
Credential
Change
Question 4)
Which of these statements best describes MFA?

MFA stands for Multi-Factor Authentication and uses two or more alternative means of authentication.
MFA stands for Multi-Factor Authentication, and it uses Biometric to provide authentication
MFA stands for Multi-function Authentication; one login can be used to access different applications.
Question 5)
After you enter the password for logging into your company account, you are prompted to press your finger against the scanning element of your device. In the context of multi-factor authentication (MFA), which statement best describes the type of information that you have been asked for?

Something you know
Something you have
Something you are
Question 6)
Which of the following sentences best describes Conditional Access?

Requiring robust, unique passwords and monitoring user activity.
A cloud-based service that uses machine learning and data analytics to identify deviant behavior.
Tracking and limiting user access under some conditions.
Question 7)
In order to enable users to get back into their accounts quickly after forgetting their passwords while also lightening the workload of the organization’s IT staff, which feature would you implement?

Self-service password reset (SSPR)
Password Writeback
AD Connect Cloud Sync
Question 8)
Which of the following situations can be configured in SSPR? Select all that apply.

Password reset
Password writeback
Password unlock
Password validation
Question 9)
You are configuring authentication for the point-of-sale devices at Sam’s Scoops. Because of the fast-paced working environment, employees would like to gain entry to these devices as quickly as possible. Which of the following forms of identification best meets this need?

PIN
Password
Facial recognition
Question 10)
For accessing sensitive resources, you have decided to implement an authentication method that sends a one-time passcode (OTP) to the user requesting access, which the user must then input at the login page. Which method does this describe?

OATH hardware tokens
FIDO authentication
SMS-based authentication
